PUBLISHEDDATE,TEXT
2019-10-25,"""Supporters of former Pak PM Nawaz Sharif sit next to his pictures outside a hospital as he was admitted after ... Read MoreISLAMABAD: The Lahore high court on Friday granted bail to the former three-time Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in a graft case on medical grounds as he receives treatment for a serious immune disorder at a government-run hospital in the eastern city of Lahore.The bail was granted to the ailing founder of opposition Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) in a corruption investigation related to a sugar mill owned by his family.He"
2019-10-26,"""Several farmers were taken into custody by the police on Friday when they were staging a road blockade on the national highway linking Mysuru and Nanjangud in protest against India entering into the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) agreement.The protesters representing Rashtriya Kisan Maha Sangha and State Sugarcane Growers Association had gathered on the highway near the Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) yard in Bandipalya. They cautioned Prime Minister Narendra Modi against entering into the treaty"
2019-10-26,"""By Express News ServiceKOCHI: Whats the point of sweets if theyre sugar-free?"
2019-10-27,"""The festive season has failed to cheer up the sugar sector with sales remaining mostly subdued. Mukesh Kuvadiya"
2019-10-28,"""The consumption of sugar-sweetened acidic drinks  such as soft drinks  is the common factor connecting obesity and tooth wear among adults"
2019-10-29,"""Vaishali Vijaykumar ByExpress News ServiceCHENNAI : A couple of years back it was her half sugar skull make-up that went viral on social media. Last year"
2019-10-30,"""Vaishali Vijaykumar ByExpress News ServiceBENGALURU: A couple of years back it was her half sugar skull make-up that went viral on social media. Last year"
2019-11-01,"""BENGALURU: Congress leader DK Shivakumar has been admitted to Apollo Hospital here on Friday on the suggestion of doctors following high blood pressure and variations in his sugar level.Shivakumar was released from Tihar Jail on October 23 after Delhi High Court granted him bail in a money laundering case."
2019-11-02,"""The government has asked millers to export 5 million tonnes of sugar mandatorily this year and has even given financial assistance to facilitate trade. (Shutterstock)Malaysia has agreed to import 44"
2019-11-02,"""Stacks of paddy stubble kept at the millLearning from PunjabMachine ownersAMBALA: A Naraingarh sugar mill is planning to buy 1 lakh tonne of paddy stubble to run its power generation plant.A meeting between mill representatives and Ambala deputy director of agriculture (DDA) took place on Wednesday. The mill want the paddy stubble for power generation at the plant on its premises at Banondi village in Shahzadpur block. However"
