PUBLISHEDDATE,TEXT
2019-11-03,"""Rice is one of the most popular and widely consumed staple foods across the world. But there are a lot of misconceptions related to rice intake like it makes you fat and increases the blood sugar levels. The first thing that comes to everyone's mind when they decide to lose weight is to cut down rice consumption. High in carbohydrates"
2019-11-03,"""The pouring rain in Marayur has come as a setback for sugar cane farmers. The change in climate will impact the production and quality of Marayur jaggery"
2019-11-04,"""The 2019-20 sugarcane crushing season for Maharashtra is expected to start late as waterlogged fields across the state will delay harvesting. Bhairavnath B Thombare"
2019-11-04,"""LAHORE: Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) leader Maryam Nawaz was on Monday granted bail in Chaudhry Sugar Mills (CSM) case by the Lahore High Court (LHC).In the hearing held on October 31"
2019-11-14,"""Tamil Nadu Agricultural University will conduct field trial of sugar beet in six places in the State"
2019-11-14,"""BENGALURU: Chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal RKS Bhadauria on Thursday said that not enough has been done  in service terms  for aviation medicine experts and that it has resulted in declining interest in the important field.""""...We've not done enough for the aviation medicine people in terms of service. Do we need to look at why youngsters aren't taking up aviation medicine? Let's not sugar-coat things"
2019-11-16,"""Diabetes is one of the most common chronic health conditions adversely affecting ones health. India is dubiously also called the diabetes capital of the world as millions of people in the country suffer from this disease. It occurs when the glucose content in your body also known as blood sugar is too high. Blood sugar is our bodys source of energy and mainly comes from the food you eat. The glucose which is taken through food and not immediately used is then converted into a stored form called glycogen and fat by the hormone called insulin secreted by the pancreas.AdvertisingDuring states of fasting"
2019-11-17,"""New continuous glucose monitoring systems now help track patterns of blood sugar levels throughout the day in patients with diabetes. Proper nutrition and physical exercise are important for a healthy lifestyle for diabetic patients"
2019-11-17,"""P1 Stem cell breakthrough brings sweet news for diabeticsVadodara: UK-based Suresh Vakhariya was heavy doses of insulin to control his blood sugar levels for the past 20 years. Vakhariya"
